[Music]
[Applause]
the RuPt takes a heavy toll on the big
balls
so arriving now could give this young
contender an edge
[Music]
but there's life in the old bull yet
head-to-head the Challenger more than
holds his own
then he makes a small mistake
shunted aside his challenge is brutally
ending
[Music]
the young bull gambled everything and
has paid a heavy price adult cheaters do
sometimes kill young warthogs but the
full-grown pigs are formidable with
razor-sharp tusks and the muscle to back
them up and that made me very nervous
every time the Cubs went charging off
after a warthog family I was worried
sick that one of them would get into
trouble by the time I was able to reach
him the damage was already done he'd
been called by the furious mother
warthog and badly gored I had no way of
knowing the full extent of the injuries
only the talking was in a great deal of
pain and absolutely terrified
[Music]
a direct kick from a zebra could easily
crush their skull and my heart was in my
throat every time they decided to take
on the heavyweights
[Music]
[Applause]
there were times when it felt just too
close
[Music]
you may be fast on your feet got a lot
to learn
[Music]
adult Harris may be easy to spot but
they're far from easy to catch
they run at 60 kilometres an hour
[Music]
to catch one the Wolves work as a team
one of them gets close enough to fight
the hares tail
but a hair can change direction in an
instant
[Music]
if it can continue to sidestep and
it may ultimately outlast them
[Music]
finally it gets away
for the next hair the whole pack gives
chase
[Music]
now numbers count the lead wolves keep
up the pace others run on either side so
the hare can't change direction
a tiny meal for the whole pack the
male's entire harem is now at stake
[Music]
one bachelor makes his move the female
spits her disapproval the male leaps
into action
[Music]
using razor-sharp teeth he aims for his
challengers testicles and emasculate a
bite
[Music]
neck's are protected by special
thickened skin
these fights have no rules
the battles are exhausting
[Music]
the Challenger is driven off his
masculinity intact the male enjoys the
rewards whilst he can the cups first
steps outside the den she pushes the
camera down the slope
chuckling show as she films there is no
human presence of any kind
she even adjusts the camera to record
her own exit blizzardcam is at the mercy
of some very curious bears
it could be about to film its own
destruction
[Music]
but again a bear assists in the filming
of its life story seal it with a kiss
the couple's whirlwind romance will last
three weeks as the Bears move up the
coast snow cam is ready for action but
the first bear it finds is an
inquisitive young male like so many
bears he finds the spy cams intriguing
[Music]
he subjects it to a pressure test using
a technique that works well on ceilings
it's no party is supposed to be
indestructible but it's bundling on the
oppression Swingtown films it's lost
[Music]